Community readiness improvements (#781)
percona/pmm: README.md

![PMM](https://www.percona.com/sites/default/files/pmm-logo.png)

## Percona Monitoring and Management

> A single pane of glass to easily view and monitor the performance of your MySQL, MongoDB, PostgreSQL, and MariaDB databases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A 'single pane of glass' to easily view and monitor the performance of your MySQL, MongoDB, PostgreSQL, and MariaDB databases.
```

Reviewer: Because it's not literally a pane of glass, but a metaphor.
